l_english:

ALT_subject:0 "알타이"

#FOCUSES#
ALT_kagyrodovsurvives:0 "카기도로프의 생존!"
ALT_kagyrodovsurvives_desc:0 ""
ALT_faithinchrist:0 "그리스도를 향한 신앙"
ALT_faithinchrist_desc:0 ""
ALT_rasputinsmysticstakeover:0 "라스푸틴의 신비가들이 집권하다"
ALT_rasputinsmysticstakeover_desc:0 ""
ALT_ourfuture:0 "우리의 미래"
ALT_ourfuture_desc:0 ""
ALT_thesurvival:0 "생존"
ALT_thesurvival_desc:0 ""
ALT_holdoffthebaron:0 "남작 저지"
ALT_holdoffthebaron_desc:0 ""
ALT_peacefulsyncreticnation:0 "Peaceful Syncretic Nation"
ALT_peacefulsyncreticnation_desc:0 "Our nation is at peace, its differences between peoples our strength, and our world stands strong against the Chaos that surrounds everything else. Let there be peace in our time. "
ALT_revivednationalidentity:0 "Revived National Identity"
ALT_revivednationalidentity_desc:0 "Altay is a nation unto its own, a nation that we see as deeply and truly real, something that goes beyond any other division one can think of. We are Altaic, we are Altay!"
ALT_supresstheradicals:0 "Supress The Radicals"
ALT_supresstheradicals_desc:0 "There are those in our government who see enemies everywhere. Rather than dismiss their paranoia, we must follow through their accusations and see what there is. Any radicalism must be destroyed, any dissent must be rooted out. "
ALT_embracerussianculture:0 "Embrace Russian Culture"
ALT_embracerussianculture_desc:0 "A great many Russians have, to be blunt, become deeply uncomfortable with our radical embrace of Turkic culture and ideas. Assure them that we do not abandon our people, that Russians will not suffer simply because the Turkic gain. "
ALT_embraceturkicculture:0 "Embrace Turkic Culture"
ALT_embraceturkicculture_desc:0 "The Turkic peoples of the Steppes are people who are wise, who are well-suited to their land, who know more than anyone else the deep truths found in the plains. "
ALT_altaicchaos:0 "Altaic Chaos"
ALT_altaicchaos_desc:0 "Our nation is in crisis. Our people are divided. Radical politicians from every spectrum of the world are practically drowning in support. Altay cannot continue in this state. It must change. "
ALT_theemergency:0 "The Emergency"
ALT_theemergency_desc:0 "Perhaps the only thing that unites all members of Altay is the Baron, Ungern, whose increasing militancy is something all Altay people wish to see addressed. Not everyone is pleased with the sovereignty of this state, but even those who despise the Altay mission would rather be free, than under the Baron. "
ALT_andsinonearth:0 "And Sin On Earth"
ALT_andsinonearth_desc:0 "And salvation from him can only come if we sin. So come, all ye faithful, and show Christ how much you want him to forgive, give him all possible sins, all possible crimes, for his mercy is endless, and shan’t be wasted!"
ALT_supresstheoldbelievers:0 "Supress the Old Believers"
ALT_supresstheoldbelievers_desc:0 "The Old Believers have been a thorn in the side of standard Orthodoxy for centuries - people who refuse to accept the reforms of our saints from centuries ago. It is little wonder that they now resist our new theology. \n\n Crush them. Forbid their gatherings. Annihilate the self-suppression they represent.  "
ALT_terrifythebaron:0 "Terrify the Baron"
ALT_terrifythebaron_desc:0 "The Baron, the reactionary bastard that he is, has openly and fiercely condemned Rasputin’s new regime, seeing it as a decadent, sinful, and disgustingly erotic stain on the world. Now, while that is the point, it’s still quite insulting when someone who despises us so openly mocks us. We shall find him, and destroy him. He shall, in his final moments, know fear greater than anything he has felt before.  "
ALT_godsrealmoftransgression:0 "God's Realm of Transgression"
ALT_godsrealmoftransgression_desc:0 "The realm of God is where God is strongest. God is strongest where God’s forgiveness is strongest. God’s forgiveness is strongest where transgression is strongest. Thus, we shall transgress. In life. In science. In love. In war. Constant transgression, constant sin. May God bless us. "
ALT_reducemilitaryspending:0 "Reduce Military Spending"
ALT_reducemilitaryspending_desc:0 "The military in Altay is important, particularly when it comes to protecting us against those innumerable enemies. But perhaps it could do with a little less. "
ALT_tsaristmythos:0 "Tsarist Mythos"
ALT_tsaristmythos_desc:0 "To be a Tsar is to be a member of a divine family. To be a Tsar is to be chosen by God. To be a Tsar is to be someone worthy to lead men, a near-mythic figure. Such as our Rasputin. "
ALT_unshakableloyaltytothegreatlover:0 "Unshakable Loyalty to the Great Lover"
ALT_unshakableloyaltytothegreatlover_desc:0 "Rasputin, mystic, priest, a lover beyond anything this world has or will see. All of Altay (and in particular, it’s women) support him, love him, wish for his will to be made manifest. Long live Rasputin, Tsar of Altay, and Tsar of Love Itself!"
ALT_bokiismysticbolshevism:0 "Bokii's Mystic Bolshevism"
ALT_bokiismysticbolshevism_desc:0 "Combining the deep spirituality of the Altay shaman and the immortal science of Marxism, there are those in our nation who wish to see a Red State, guided by the Great Revolutionary Spirits of the world. This, now, shall guide Altay. "
ALT_calluponthealtaicrace:0 "Call Upon the Altaic Race"
ALT_calluponthealtaicrace_desc:0 "The Altiac Race is uniquely connected to the spirit world, able to conduct rituals to invoke the socialist spirits that no other can. We must call upon this unique people to aid the transition into socialism for the world!"
ALT_claimsindalai:0 "Claims in Dalai"
ALT_claimsindalai_desc:0 "Dalai is rightfully Altay land, either because of its deep historical connection in it's waters , or because of its benefits to our clearly superior nation, or any of the thousand just reasons we could give. We must seize the Dalai lake, now!"
ALT_greatcurseuponthebourgeoise:0 "Great Curse upon the Bourgeoise"
ALT_greatcurseuponthebourgeoise_desc:0 "We shall cast a great curse on the exploitors, on the Bourgeoisie who oppress those across the world. Eliminate the rot as it exists in Altay, and then great curses shall descend upon their capitalist friends across the world. Death to Capitalism, in this life, and in the next!"
ALT_crushthetraitors:0 "Crush The Traitors"
ALT_crushthetraitors_desc:0 "Those who would deny the spirituality of socialism, or the socialist nature of spirituality, are traitors to our cause, traitors to the spirits, traitors to the gods, and they shall not be forgiven!"
ALT_grandioserituals:0 "Grandiose Rituals"
ALT_grandioserituals_desc:0 "Great rituals to the deities and spirits of brotherhood, fraternity, equality, socialism, are being performed. Great rituals to please the spirits of the harvest and the wind, that our dream of Altay may never die, are ringing throughout the nation. Do you not hear it? The Internationale, spoken to the supernatural?"
ALT_sacredrealmofsocialism:0 "Sacred Realm of Socialism"
ALT_sacredrealmofsocialism_desc:0 "It is a fact that our ancestors dwell in a paradise-land driven by Socialist principles. Every guiding action they have given us has brought us closer, closer, to the Socialist ideal. The spirit-world, the after-life, the Great Beyond, all are Socialist!"
ALT_shamanicempire:0 "Shamanic Empire"
ALT_shamanicempire_desc:0 "We have chosen our path, we have stuck with it, we have pleased the ancestors, and brought Socialism into the world! Viva la revolution!"
ALT_grigoriisburkhanism:0 "Grigorii's Burkhanism"
ALT_grigoriisburkhanism_desc:0 "The White Buddha shall rise, for the eternal cult of the truth of Altay shall be made clear to all, clear to everyone who will listen. And we will ensure that they listen. "
ALT_destroyhostileshamanism:0 "Destroy Hostile Shamanism"
ALT_destroyhostileshamanism_desc:0 "Some shamans despise our truth, they rally those who wish to be deceived around them, to produce a culture of idiots and superstitious fools. We must annihilate those who oppose the coming of Ak-Burkhan. "
ALT_embraceorthodoxelements:0 "Embrace Orthodox Elements"
ALT_embraceorthodoxelements_desc:0 "The Orthodox Church is one of the largest religious organizations that we have not been able to subsume into our faith. Perhaps adopting some of their more appealing teachings will bring us favour from them."
ALT_syncretismandbalance:0 "Syncretism and Balance"
ALT_syncretismandbalance_desc:0 "All religions contain parts of a truth. All people contain parts for a society’s function. All systems of politics contain solutions for specific problems. None contain the whole truth. Let us balance everything, and ensure peace in Altay."
ALT_millenariancult:0 "Millenarian Cult"
ALT_millenariancult_desc:0 "The New Millennium is distant in the years of man, but close in the years of the Gods, and the Millennium of Peace and Joy on Earth will approach faster than anyone thinks. We know not when the Buddha’s full revelations shall come, but it shall be soon. "
ALT_agreatnewage:0 "A Great New Age"
ALT_agreatnewage_desc:0 "We stand poised on the edge of a Great New Age, a new era for Altay, for Mankind itself. Embrace it, run towards it, for it is inevitable!"
ALT_cooperatewiththerich:0 "Cooperate with the Rich"
ALT_cooperatewiththerich_desc:0 "The wealthy of Altay have been attracted to our new faith, as opposition to more radical groups that would see them toppled is driving them to our arms. We shall not force them to pay, merely ask them to collaborate."
ALT_lowertaxes:0 "Lower Taxes"
ALT_lowertaxes_desc:0 "There was too great a burden placed on our people, the burden of the tax, like they were mules upon whom we could stack problems and extract solutions. No longer. We shall take only our most fair of share, and anything else we shall have to make up the difference in some...other way."
ALT_traditionalismandnationalism:0 "Traditionalism and Nationalism"
ALT_traditionalismandnationalism_desc:0 "Though, admittedly, our political and religious spheres are not traditional, nor is our nation one that has existed for long, it is also very true that we deeply adore tradition and nation, and that while our syncretic belief system may seem like something that would not abid traditionalism in the way most envision it, we actually quite simply adore tradition - that is, the traditions that we are creating."
ALT_industrialnescessities:0 "Industrial Nescessities"
ALT_industrialnescessities_desc:0 "Atlay is feeling hard the unindustrialized nature of our nation. Let us remedy that, and get at least the basics any modern nation should have."
ALT_militarybases:0 "Military Bases"
ALT_militarybases_desc:0 "Military bases across Atlay, where our soldiers can prepare, train, rest, and work, will give us a faster response time to any crisis that may require a militant response. And we know a crisis of that nature is coming."
ALT_infrastructureprojects:0 "Infrastructure Projects"
ALT_infrastructureprojects_desc:0 "Roads, rails, dams, power plants. Atlay needs it all. Mandate the construction of public works, to show the people that we are willing to tackle the issues of our time."
ALT_civilianindustryexpansion:0 "Civilian Industry Expansion"
ALT_civilianindustryexpansion_desc:0 "Civilian industry should be our target now - expand the factories producing civilian goods, so that we may reap the rewards of production."
ALT_togornoaltaysk:0 "To Gorno-Altaysk"
ALT_togornoaltaysk_desc:0 "Connect every city, every town, every village, to a rail that leads to our capital. Connect the entire nation to its heart, and we shall thrive."
ALT_gornoindustrialzone:0 "Gorno Industrial Zone"
ALT_gornoindustrialzone_desc:0 "Gorno shall be expanded into an industrial zone, the beating iron heart of Atlaic industry. Make it so, for Atlay must prosper."
ALT_railwaysfromkamenogorsk:0 "Railways from Kamenogorsk"
ALT_railwaysfromkamenogorsk_desc:0 "The railways of Atlay are truly underdeveloped - some of them aren’t even on the same gauges. Work to remedy that, make the iron veins of Altay strong and manifold."
ALT_concreteocean:0 "Concrete Ocean"
ALT_concreteocean_desc:0 "Atlay is dry, the nearest large body of water is the Baikal lake, and we cannot exactly reach that as of now, and it is nowhere near enough to become a naval power upon. But we can still have an ocean, a sea of concrete buildings protecting our border, a wall that no one may pass. The ocean of Altay shall be one of bunkers."
ALT_kamenogorskbase:0 "Kamenogorsk Base"
ALT_kamenogorskbase_desc:0 "Kamenogorsk shall be the centre of our new military base system - where the general staff shall plan their great moves, where the soldiers shall be recruited and trained and molded into fine young men. It shall be everything the army of Atlay stands for, condensed into a location."
ALT_agunforeverycitizen:0 "A Gun for Every Citizen"
ALT_agunforeverycitizen_desc:0 "Every citizen shall be armed. If foreign invaders pour over our border, they shall be met with fierce resistence from every armed citizen, and every armed citizen shall resist. It matters not if it is some old black-powder Jezial or a new, automatic rifle, so long as they are armed."
ALT_thealtaichighcommand:0 "The Altaic High Command"
ALT_thealtaichighcommand_desc:0 "The general staff of our nation have been making suggestions...or perhaps demands...about what should be done to safeguard our nation. We would do well to listen."
ALT_newofficers:0 "New Officers"
ALT_newofficers_desc:0 "New officers will inject blood into our aging military corps, allow us to get fresh, radical, and wonderfully new perspectives on a lot of things."
ALT_newguns:0 "New Guns"
ALT_newguns_desc:0 "We need new guns. Single-shot rifles that still rely on black powder are simply not going to do for our professional army. Militia? Yes. But Altay’s army is more than a group of rabble-rousing peasants who will defend their own home. No, we have ideals, and they are ideals we will defend, and our army is a professional force designed to defend them. Give them weapons worthy of the defenders of our cause."
ALT_buysomeairplanes:0 "Buy some Airplanes"
ALT_buysomeairplanes_desc:0 "Air is the new dimension of combat. Now, we cannot merely look ahead, but we must look upwards, to see from the perspective of the eagle, to fight."
ALT_riverinemilitarybases:0 "Riverine Military Bases"
ALT_riverinemilitarybases_desc:0 "Military bases that follow our rivers would allow us to catch anyone who may be using the rivers for...less than legitimate means."
ALT_encourageconsumerindustries:0 "Encourage Consumer Industries"
ALT_encourageconsumerindustries_desc:0 "The Civilian Industry in Atlay is pitiful, and many of our people live without even the most basic of goods that are taken for granted in civilization. Simply put, many of our people do not have access to things like ice-boxes, wood stoves or...uh...honestly just soap would be nice. We must encourage the consumer industries to grow."
ALT_nationalunity:0 "National Unity"
ALT_nationalunity_desc:0 "Our nation shall be united. Russian, Turkic, Tuvan, Mongol, whoever you are, you are Altaic! Our nation transcends the notions that divided mankind. Praise Altay, the truest expression of humanity’s unity!"
ALT_duallanguage:0 "Dual Language"
ALT_duallanguage_desc:0 "Russian is no longer the sole official language of Altay. Embrace Tuvan, Mongolian, the Turkic languages of our people and subjects, for the words contain wisdom found solely in their language."

##ideas##
ALT_hedonism:0 "Mystical Hedonism"
ALT_tsaristmythos:0 "Tsarist Mythos"
ALT_constanttransgression:0 "Constant Transgression"
ALT_greatlover:0 "Cult of the Great Lover"
ALT_emergencytactics:0 "Emergency Tactics"
ALT_chaos:0 "Altaic Chaos"
ALT_superstition:0 "Superstitious Populace"
ALT_mysticism:0 "State Mysticism"
ALT_shamanicempire:0 "Shamanic Empire"
ALT_shaman_partisans:0 "Shaman Partisans"
ALT_shaman_partisans_desc:0 "Shaman partisans have taken over rural sections of the country and create mass chaos."
ALT_syncretism:0 "State Syncretism"
ALT_millenarianism:0 "Millenarian Cult"
ALT_lowertaxes:0 "Lower Taxes"
ALT_concrete:0 "Altaic Concrete Oceans"
ALT_tur:0 "Turkic Culture"
ALT_rus:0 "Russian Culture"
ALT_dual:0 "Dual Languages"
ALT_consumer:0 "Consumer Economy"
ALT_peace:0 "Peaceful Nation"

###events###
alt.1.t:0 "Altay begs for a Ceasefire!"
alt.1.d:0 "Altay has begged the Imperial Authority for a ceasefire, as we have been grinding down against them for a while now. It would be wise for us to make a choice quickly as we have been losing strength for some time attacking them."
alt.1.a:0 "We shall talk to the Altay officers and look for peace."
alt.1.b:0 "Then Beg."
alt.2.title:0 "The Search for The Baron"
alt.2.d:0 "Local forces loyal to Rasputin today have begun an extensive search for the Cursed Baron which we have successfully dispelled from his so-called 'Imperial Authority' and has slowly begun going through the steppes, hills and valleys to find the Baron and execute him. The search begins now."
alt.2.a:0 "Go get him, comrades!"
alt.3.t:0 "The Baron has been found!"
alt.3.d:0 "Our loyal forces have found the Baron hiding out in a small Mongol village, and he fought fiercely against our task force of 250 soldiers, killing 124 of our men with a militia organized to defend the Baron at all costs. But now, in the end, the Baron has died, and the future is Altaic."
alt.3.a:0 "The Altaic and Russian peoples have triumphed over the Mad Baron!"
alt.4.t:0 "Aleksandr Kagyrodov has been shot!"
alt.4.d:0 "Aleksandr was found shot and barely holding onto life, shot by an assailant coming from the Anhui Clique! He was assasinated by gunshot and died almost immediately after due to speaking against the Sinophiles in Khuree. Now his clique has collapsed and various factions have risen up against the government. Only one of them shall survive the coming conflict and chaos..."
alt.4.a:0 "Bokii and his esoteric Bolsheviks have taken over!"
alt.4.b:0 "Rasputin and his mystics destroy all opposition!"
alt.4.c:0 "The Burkhanists take over!"
alt.4.e:0 "Kagyrodov's loyalists hold on as Kagyrodov survives!"

alt.5.title:0 "Institution of Millenarianism"
alt.5.desc:0 "Gaining secular power in the state doesn't mean gaining heart and minds of the people. Just because we can order them doesn't mean we can touch their souls. This is why education and spiritual guidance is of most importance.\n Everyone from city centres to most secluded villages must be exposed to as much wisdom as possible. After long deliberations it was decided to form a group of traveling teachers who will spread to the all corners of Altay the news of coming of Ak-Burkhan. Every man, woman and child needs to be ready for Him."
alt.5.a:0 "All wounds shall go away."
alt.6.title:0 "Partisans Destroyed"
alt.6.desc:0 "Not everyone's eyes are open to see the truth and not all hearts are open to the coming of White Buddha. Many so-called shamans blind to the glory of the incoming Savior took arms against his followers. They are weak and their numbers small, not enought to cause a real uprising. But they were still a nuisance and an afront to Ak-Burkhan. When He comes Altay needs to be clean from filth, hooves of his white horse shall not be soiled with taint of unbelievers.\nThey died, either with weapons in hands or perished in purging flames of our justice, He cared not what fate befell them.\nThe rebellious shamans, the partisans, the filth soiling the ground just before His coming... All gone now."
alt.6.a:0 "All harm will be gone."
alt.7.title:0 "End of Feudalism"
alt.7.desc:0 "Greed and love of material things has no place in Altay. Disloyal aristocrats, landlords, money holders... all of them care for their own pockets not for the New Age coming upon us. Did they dreamt dreams of Ak-Burkhan? Did they saw vissions of his coming? No, their eyes and their spirits were blinded by money and greed. This shall end. Riches shall be taken away from those who have too much and used for pious goals. No man shall be suffering hunger and cold when few grow fat and lazy or else all of them will be distracted from the great works in the future."
alt.7.a:0 "All exploitation will be tales of the past."
alt.8.title:0 "Great Curse upon the Bourgeoise"
alt.8.desc:0 "Preparations started way before we even came into power. Years of studying, meditation, gathering required artifacts. All of that finally pays off.\nThe Great Ritual starts, hundreds of shamans, untold masses of collectivised proletarians. All gathered to fulfill historical mission. Unforgiving rules of Historical Meta-Materialism made this very moment unavoidable. We are instrument of it, the Red Stick striking the Drum of Future Generations.\nChants fill, the air, fires light the night sky with red haze. The sign of things to come.\nThe Russian Revolution failed. Many wondered why for many years. Was it too strong role of the vanguard party? Too weak one? Wrong leaders? Wrong commanders? All questions asked were in vein. Blinded by bourgeois reductionism fools did not see that it is not just raw matter we were fighting against. Bourgeoisie is deeper and stronger foe that cannot be beaten by shooting it enought times. It's a thing of meta-mater and only by Meta-materialistic Dialectics can it be beaten!\nThe chants reach apogeum almost deafening with strength of proletarian lungs, fires burning hot, make air warm and hard to breathe in. None of that matters. The ecstasy of victory, the ectasy of collectivised thought makes the unrelenting mass of humanity continue.\nFlames throw shaking light on gathered around them visages of the men who brought us here. Marx and Engels look from beyond the grave with unearthly powers dancing in their eyes. Yes, truly we are acomplising what others said could acomplished be not.\nThe chants turn into yell of ecstasy and anguish, of capitalist contradictions leaving bodies of the gathered... Then silence.\nCommanded by historical necessity the crowd stops, the chanting ends. The shamans, the proletariat, all cath their breath and look upon their work.  All over four corners of the Earth unbeknownst to everyone uninitiated a great curse befell the bourgeoisie. The contradictions shall become impossible to deal with, the class struggle shall grow stronger and stronger. The bourgeoisie false morality will fall, the false counciousness will be lifted from eyes of proletariat like a veil of lies."
alt.8.a:0 "Run, enemies of the people! And never come back!"
alt.9.title:0 "Baikal Lake Ritual"
alt.9.desc:0 "Lake of Baikal. The source of water, source of life. It is a Sun around which Altay orbits. Without it in this place there is no man, nor animal nor plant that can survive. We gather today on it's shores today to give it thanks for giving life to our bodies just like teachings of Marx and Engels give life to our spirits.\nWe take boats, move towards the open, calm deepths of the lake bringing our chants, prayers and rythm of shamanistic drums. We give our thanks and pleed for help in the next year. May calm waters of the Baikal be kind to us proletarians in the future as they were in the past."
alt.9.a:0 "May it's waters keep our hearts shining."
alt.10.title:0 "The Shamanistic Empire"
alt.10.desc:0 "This day was inevitable yet it still brings great joy in the hearts of all of true consciousness. Marx knew it will happen, so did ancient shamans of great antiquity. But today we know exact date, everyone can see it in callendar. This is the day that historical neccesity made the date of our victory. Our enemies lie beaten before us. Our struggle is bringing fruit. Our lands are many, people liberated by us cannot be counted. Armies of reaction and bourgeoisie were annihilated, their riches redistributed. Their false consciousness crushed and refuted. \nToday we celebrate for we proclaim our victory. The Great Shamanistic Empire is born today and it shall be a seed of revolution that will take over the entire Globe. May our enemies tremble."
alt.10.a:0 "The world's bourgeoise trembles at our power!"
alt.11.title:0 "Rasputin, Blessed Tsar of the Sinners!"
alt.11.desc:0 "Grigori Rasputin, once known throughout Russia as the true power behind the throne, the lover of the Russian Tsarina, and quite possibly a man possessed by Satan himself, has amassed a great power base for himself in the small breakaway state of Altay. \n\n It’s not exactly known how he escaped the authorities of either the Reds or the Whites, but he has, and he has now achieved something that many people have always thought his goal – Tsardom. \n\n Declaring himself ‘The Great Lover, the Holy Sinner-Tsar, and great Transgressor,’ he has declared the birth of the Rasputin Dynasty, and legitimized no less than a dozen bastard sons and daughters as his heirs. But that alone is only half the story, for he has been coronated in the capital city of his new Tsardom, Gorno-Altaysk. Silks, gold, silver, alcohol from as far away as Japan and Germany pouring in, alongside all manner of local brews, general havoc and chaos and the likely creation of yet another bastard of the Rasputin dynasty, all happened in the typically atypical Rasputin fashion. Long live the Tsar, long live Sin, long live Altay!"
alt.11.a:0 "Blessed be the sinners, holy be the Transgressors!"
alt.12.title:0 "The Fête of Fetish"
alt.12.desc:0 "In the new Atlay, in Rasputin’s Atlay, there is nothing sacred – for sin itself is sacred. The conduit of Jesus’s forgiveness is not through perfectionism, not through Skoptsy’s method of forcing one’s self into restraint and following the Book and its Words. No, instead, our communion is one of the flesh, our praises to God are gifts to the One Below, for only through our sin, our trespasses, may the Lord forgive us! Every man, every woman, every child in Atlay knows, or should know, the words to the greatest prayer Jesus ever gave – forgive us our Trespasses, as we forgive those who Trespass against us! \n\n To this end, the great, wise, Rasputin and his priests have organized an event that we can only describe as a celebration of Christ, as was intended but denied to him for centuries! This glorious day, there are men and women copulating upon the cross, there are ascetics whipping themselves, both literally and figuratively, into a frenzy of passion for the first time in their wasted lives, there are unspeakable things everywhere, things that shall only be repeated between a confessor and the confessed, before God’s holy blessing is doled out like alms to us poor, lustful humans. Dances, held until people’s feet are bloody and sore, eating and drinking competitions, held until the victor is himself comatose, and prayer sessions, held until the people screaming Christ’s glories are hoarse and cannot speak save to ask for more vodka, all are happening, and all will keep happening, for if this is Rasputin’s new Atlay, it is here to stay!"
alt.12.a:0 "By God... they are all sinners... and they are all saved."
alt.13.title:0 "Altay School of Arts"
alt.13.desc:0 "Rasputin has been a patron of art for some time in Altay, and after assuming proper power, it is only right that he continue that patronage – in fact, he has established the Russian Academy for Arts, recognizing a continuity of his work and the work of the artists of Altay with the Russians, and implicitly inviting all those rejected, dejected souls from the Russian empire, from the Socialist Realists who escaped purges to the Mladrossi whose radical works were too much for either side in the war to take, to the native Atlayans, the Mongols and Tuvans who wish to see their cultures preserved, all are welcome at this academy, where art is a means to an end, where the artist is free, unbound by all who might wish to impose a vision upon the radical, where tradition is alive alongside deeply unorthodox works of art, where the Escadron may paint vivid violent slashes across the canvas alongside delicate ritualistic art of a throat-singing Shaman. All, from within and without of Atlay, are welcome, so open the doors, let the people sing, let the paint fly, for the time of the artist is nigh!"
alt.13.a:0 "Ah yes, more modern ‘art.’"

#LEADER DESCRITIONS#
#IDEAS#
#Ministers#
ALT_oyogostur_omogoyovich_makhcharov_hog:0 "Oyogostur Omogoyovich Makhcharov"
ALT_george_gurdjieff_hog:0 "George Gurdjieff"
ALT_tryi_akemchi_eco:0 "Tyryi Akemchi"
ALT_maria_rasputin_for:0 "Maria Rasputin"
ALT_dulustaan_michilovich_bobutov_sec:0 "Dulustaan Michilovich Bobutov"
ALT_praskovya_rasputin_int:0 "Praskovya Rasputin"

#CUSTOM TOOLTIPS AND FLAGS#
ALT_DESC_MENU:0 "The Chaos in Mongolia during the Russian and Chinese civil wars has left several small, isolated warlord states, few fit this description better than Altay. Carved out of the Sino-Russian border in the Altai Mountain range this small area could barely be described as a state until recently. Alexandr Kaygorodov set up his mountain princedom as a peaceful refuge for the peoples of Siberia from the strife of the wars raging around it. Now the dust has settled some less than savoury characters are rearing their heads to challenege the mountain ideal..."
#DECISIONS (1.5 Update)#
